towards the start of this channel I
reviewed Buster moved to arcade edition
it was a fun puzzler that I would think
that pretty much every game on the
planet is either played or has played a
clone of at some point in their lives
back in the year 1998 Buster moved 3dx
was released here in Europe and is
released in North America as Buster move
99 as a follow-up to Buster mover 2
arcade edition it may surprise you to
know that I actually picked this up on
launch date you see if you played any of
these series before you know that
there's generally not a whole lot of
variation between the puzzle formats so
why drop a full recommended retail price
in the game which is likely to offer
very few surprises well for me that was
partly it I have an addictive
personality and so after having loved
and played to death BOTS to move to I
was looking forward to morph the same
and I wasn't disappointed the game is as
simple and as straightforward as it's
ever been
you take control of a character and in
this game you have a choice between a
nice range and you shoot balls from the
bottom of the screen upwards with an aim
to stick them to others of a matching
color to pop them once you have three or
more than they are cleared and then you
move on to your next shot instead of
working solely against the time limit
you also have the fact that the balls
are slowly being lowered from the top of
the screen so you're not only working
against making perfect shots but ever
impending doom - I say there's quite a
lot when talking about retro puzzle
games but the truth is the simpler that
they are the more addictive they become
take flappybird a game so simple even
the creator was embarrassed by it yet
millions of people around the world are
addicted to it like crack buster move is
so simple anyone can play it anyone can
master it but with over a thousand
classic puzzles in this game it will
take you a while before you come bored
of it
there are six game modes in the game
which include the classic arcade mode
which is an arcade conversion of Boston
move 99 a multiplayer mode a challenge
mode where you have five tenth levels
per stage and you get graded at the end
of them there is also a contest mode
where you aim to build up the largest
possible win streak a collection mode
where there are over a thousand fun
created puzzles and adding an insane
amount of longevity to the game is the
edit mode where you too can create your
own puzzles to play even with these new
features it would have been hard to
spend even the low asking price on
launch of $40 for gamers who own the
original as good as a puzzle game maybe
it really shines like many n64 games in
multiplayer mode due to the game being
so simplistic you could really ask any
of your family members to join in and
they would still have a lot of fun the
PlayStation version of the game was only
two players so if you're looking to pick
this game up on any console than the n64
version really is the way to go I think
it's a shame though that graphically
they didn't really add all that much to
the game over its prequel when games
like wet tricks and tetrisphere was
showing how some modern puzzle games
could look boss the move stuck to the
sprite work which had always worked for
the series with such basic graphics
there's never a single frame of slowed
down even in four player mode but the
thing that could have added a little
polish to the overall look of the game
because even the background scene a
little too low res sport could have been
achieved and with the card size being so
small I'm sure they could have been
bumped up to a high resolution however I
seen this was to keep the game on a
small car and hit that $40 RRP so they
knew that they'd sell the game at that
price the same too could be said for the
sound it's the same style of chirpy
tunes with catchy beats and Japanese
noises from the characters but it's
quite often the lack of clarity in any
of them it's hard to fault the game for
sticking to what it knew would work but
everything we had seen and heard in the
prequel hasn't been expanded on in any
form whatsoever
austan move 3d x or 99 is a hard game to
recommend an even harder game not to
recommend it's such a solid well put
together puzzle game that I can't think
of many people who wouldn't at least get
a few hours of fun out of this game but
with such little having changed from
Buster move too it's hard to justify
adding this to your collection if you're
a nut version
the two games are so very similar that
if you don't know either
then pick this game up then less you a
die-hard puzzle game fan then you'd have
seen all before in Boston move to so
there's very little innovation with this
title so for today's discussion let's do
something a little bit unusual let's
talk about why you think games like this
exist which essentially do very little
to expand or improve on their original
do you think it's because it's a cheap
caching or do you think developers are
scared to try something new
in case of alienate zone stall fanbase
let me know your ideas and thoughts in
the comments down below and thanks for
watching and until next time